Cloud account - User invite feature added (#540)
OctopusDeploy/docs: docs/octopus-cloud/index.md

    Start free trial
</a>

> ## Create an Octopus account

Reviewer: Changing this to title case as we use title case in the docs :)
```suggestion
## Create an Octopus Account
```

## Create an Octopus Account

An Octopus account lets you manage your instances of Octopus Cloud.
:::hint
Skip the steps below by registering using your Google or Microsoft account.
:::

1. Enter your name.
1. Provide your email address and create a password. Please note, these credentials are for your Octopus account and you will use them to log into your Octopus instance through single sign-on.
1. On the next screen, verify your email address.
1. After your email has been verified, you will be logged into your Octopus account.

## Create a Cloud Instance

1. From the **products** screen, click **Start a free 30-day Cloud trial**.
1. Enter an **instance name** for your Octopus Cloud instance.
1. Choose a URL for the instance.
1. Select the Cloud region for your instance. Currently the only option is **US - Oregon**.
1. Click **Enter account details**.

> 1. Create your first user for Octopus Cloud.

Reviewer 2: >Create your first user for Octopus Cloud.

I think this no longer applies for v2 instances?

Author: great, I've updated this.

An Octopus account lets you manage your instances of Octopus Cloud.

1. Enter your name.

> 1. Provide your email address and create a password. Please note, these credentials are for your Octopus Account and you will use them to log into your Octopus instance through single sign-on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Provide your email address and create a password. Please note, these credentials are for your Octopus account and you will use them to log into your Octopus instance through single sign-on.
```

> 1. Provide your email address and create a password. Please note, these credentials are for your Octopus account and you will use them to log into your Octopus instance through single sign-on.

Reviewer 2: >Provider you email address and create a password

Or register with your Google or Microsoft account?

> 1. Provide your email address and create a password. Please note, these credentials are for your Octopus account and you will use them to log into your Octopus instance through single sign-on.

Reviewer 2: >you will use them to log into your Octopus instance through single sign-on

The updated steps here only apply to v2 instances (_not sure how we want to differentiate here_)

Reviewer 2: >_not sure how we want to differentiate here_

I've raised the question here: https://octopusdeploy.slack.com/archives/C44HGJF8D/p1570508665018000. Happy for you to follow through with whatever decision is reached there.

> 1. Provide your email address and Create a password. Please note, these credentials are for your Octopus Account and will also  These login be used to log into your Octopus instance through single sign-on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Provide your email address and create a password. Please note, these credentials are for your Octopus Account and you will use them to log into your Octopus instance through single sign-on.
```

> 1. On the next screen you will need to verify your email address.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. On the next screen, verify your email address.
```

> 1. Once verified, you will be logged into your Octopus Account!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Once verified, you will be logged into your Octopus Account.
```

> 1. After your email has been verified, you will be logged into your Octopus Account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. After your email has been verified, you will be logged into your Octopus account.
```

## Create a Cloud Instance

1. From the **products** screen, click **Start a free 30-day Cloud trial**.
1. Enter an **instance name** for your Octopus Cloud instance.
1. Choose a URL for the instance.
1. Select the Cloud region for your instance. Currently the only option is **US - Oregon**.
1. Click **Enter account details**.
1. Create your first user for Octopus Cloud.
1. Click **Continue to Confirmation**.
1. Confirm the details you've provided, agree to the terms and click **Looks good. Deploy my Octopus!**.

> You will be taken to the account provisioning screen. It should take a couple of minutes for your Octopus Cloud instance to be ready. You will receive an email when the instance is ready to use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will be taken to the account provisioning screen. It will take a couple of minutes for your Octopus Cloud instance to be ready. You will receive an email when the instance is ready to use.
```

In the near future, the Octopus Cloud will become available in additional regions and you'll have the ability to move between regions.

> ## Reset the Octopus account password

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Reset the Octopus Account Password
```

> If you forget your username or password for your Octopus account or Octopus instance, - you can do this via Octopus.com

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you forget your username or password for your Octopus account or Octopus instance, you can rest them via Octopus.com
```

> If you forget your username or password for your Octopus account or Octopus instance, you can rest them via Octopus.com

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you forget your username or password for your Octopus account or Octopus instance, you can reset them via Octopus.com
```

> 1. Head to Octopus.com/signin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Visit [Octopus.com/signin](https://Octopus.com/signin).
```

1. Click 'Forgot your password?'

> 1. Reset and log into your Octopus account, and launch your Octopus instance via the accounts dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Reset your credentials and log into your Octopus account. You can now launch your Octopus instance from the accounts dashboard.
```

> ## Invite users to your Octopus Cloud instance (Applies to v2 instances only)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Invite Users to your Octopus Cloud Instance (v2 instances only)
```

> If you are trying to add new users to your Octopus Cloud instance, you can do that within the Octopus.com account.  This feature is being rolled out gradually to everyone.  If you have access to invites, you will see it within your instance panel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can add new users to your Octopus Cloud instance from within your Octopus.com account.  This feature is being rolled out gradually. If you have access to invites, you will see the invites in your instance panel.
```

> 1. Simply log into your account at Octopus.com/signin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Log into your account at [Octopus.com/signin](https://Octopus.com/signin).
```

> 1. Select 'Manage' on your instance panel

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Select **Manage** on your instance panel.
```

> 1. Click 'Invite a user', enter their name and email address

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click **Invite a user**, enter their name and email address
```

> 1. Hit 'Submit'.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click **Submit**.
```

> If they already have an Octopus ID, they can simply **Sign in** to view their newly accessible instance within the correct Organization.  Otherwise simply **Register** for a new account with the email address they were invited with.  All invitees will be set with the 'Instance User' role - they will not be able to change any instance account settings or invite other users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the user already has an Octopus ID, they can **Sign in** to view their newly accessible instance within the correct Organization.  Otherwise, they can **Register** for a new account with the email address the invitation was sent to.  All invitees will be set with the **Instance User** role. Users with the **User Instance** role will not be able to change any instance account settings or invite other users.
```

> By default all invitees will be set with the permission of 'Everyone' within the Octopus instance and have no Space.  Ensure you change these settings once they've signed in, so they can get started using Octopus.

Reviewer: I tried to make this a bit clear. Does this work?
```suggestion
By default, all invitees will be granted the permission **Everyone** within the Octopus instance and will not be a member of a Space. After they have signed in for the first time, you need to invite them to the Space or Spaces they need access to.
```

In the near future, the Octopus Cloud will become available in additional regions and you'll have the ability to move between regions.

## Reset the Octopus Account Password

If you forget your username or password for your Octopus account or Octopus instance, you can reset them via Octopus.com

1. Visit [Octopus.com/signin](https://Octopus.com/signin).
1. Click 'Forgot your password?'
1. Reset your credentials and log into your Octopus account. You can now launch your Octopus instance from the accounts dashboard.

> ## Invite Users to your Octopus Cloud Instance (v2 instances only)

Reviewer 2: Avoid introducing `v2` terminology? (https://octopusdeploy.slack.com/archives/C44HGJF8D/p1570508665018000)

> ## Invite Users to your Octopus Cloud Instance (v2 instances only)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Invite Users to your Octopus Cloud Instance
```

> You can add new users to your Octopus Cloud instance from within your Octopus.com account.  This feature is being rolled out gradually. If you have access to invites, you will see the invites in your instance panel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can add new users to your Octopus Cloud instance from within your Octopus.com account.  This feature is being rolled out gradually. If you have access to the invites feature, you will see invites in your instance panel. If you do not have access to this feature and would like access, please [contact support](https://octopus.com/support).
```

1. Log into your account at [Octopus.com/signin](https://octopus.com/signin).
1. Select **Manage** on your instance panel.
1. Click **Invite a user**, enter their name and email address.
1. Click **Submit**.

If the user already has an Octopus ID, they can **Sign in** to view their newly accessible instance within the correct Organization.  Otherwise, they can **Register** for a new account with the email address the invitation was sent to.  All invitees will be set with the **Instance User** role. Users with the **User Instance** role will not be able to change any instance account settings or invite other users.

> By default, all invitees will be granted the permission **Everyone** within the Octopus instance and will not be a member of a Space. After they have signed in for the first time, you need to invite them to the Space or Spaces they need access to.

Reviewer 2: >invite them to the Space or Spaces

Does this really mean `add the user to a Team`? Should we link to the bit in the documentation that explains this last step (or spell it out here)?

In the near future, the Octopus Cloud will become available in additional regions and you'll have the ability to move between regions.

## Reset the Octopus Account Password

If you forget your username or password for your Octopus account or Octopus instance, you can reset them via Octopus.com

1. Visit [Octopus.com/signin](https://Octopus.com/signin).
1. Click 'Forgot your password?'
1. Reset your credentials and log into your Octopus account. You can now launch your Octopus instance from the accounts dashboard.

> ## Invite Users to your Octopus Cloud Instance

Reviewer 3: I think this would generate an anchor for linking to from the product/other places
```suggestion
## Invite Users to your Octopus Cloud Instance {#OctopusCloud-Invitingusers}
```

Reviewer: Adding that does indeed generate an anchor. Anchors are also generated from the title alone, but your anchor is much more elegant that the autogenerated one would be (i.e., #invite-users-to-your-octopus-cloud-instance).

You can add new users to your Octopus Cloud instance from within your Octopus.com account.  This feature is being rolled out gradually. If you have access to the invites feature, you will see invites in your instance panel. If you do not have access to this feature and would like access, please [contact support](https://octopus.com/support).

1. Log into your account at [Octopus.com/signin](https://octopus.com/signin).
1. Select **Manage** on your instance panel.
1. Click **Invite a user**, enter their name and email address.
1. Click **Submit**.

If the user already has an Octopus ID, they can **Sign in** to view their newly accessible instance within the correct Organization.  Otherwise, they can **Register** for a new account with the email address the invitation was sent to.  All invitees will be set with the **Instance User** role. Users with the **User Instance** role will not be able to change any instance account settings or invite other users.

> By default, all invitees will be granted the permission **Everyone** within the Octopus instance and will not have any permissions. After they have signed in for the first time, you will need to add them to a team with more permissions.

Reviewer 3: Small correction
```suggestion
By default, all invitees will be added to the **Everyone** team within the Octopus instance and will not have any permissions. After they have signed in for the first time, you will need to add them to a team with more permissions.
```

In the near future, the Octopus Cloud will become available in additional regions and you'll have the ability to move between regions.

## Reset the Octopus Account Password

If you forget your username or password for your Octopus account or Octopus instance, you can reset them via Octopus.com

1. Visit [Octopus.com/signin](https://Octopus.com/signin).
1. Click 'Forgot your password?'
1. Reset your credentials and log into your Octopus account. You can now launch your Octopus instance from the accounts dashboard.

## Reset the Instance User Password
:::hint

> This feature is being deprecated.

Reviewer 3: Do you think there is value in calling out directly what feature is deprecating this? For e.g. we could link here https://octopus.com/docs/administration/authentication/octopusid-authentication

Author: good point, I've added the link.

:::

If you forget your username or password for the instance, you can request a **new user invite**.

1. Log in to your Octopus account.
1. Select your cloud instance.
1. Click the **new user invite** link.

## Invite Users to your Octopus Cloud Instance {#OctopusCloud-Invitingusers}

You can add new users to your Octopus Cloud instance from within your Octopus.com account. This feature is being rolled out gradually. If you have access to the invites feature, you will see invites in your instance panel. If you do not have access to this feature and would like access, please [contact support](https://octopus.com/support).

1. Log into your account at [Octopus.com/signin](https://octopus.com/signin).
1. Select **Manage** on your instance panel.
1. Click **Invite a user**, enter their name and email address.
1. Click **Submit**.

> If the user already has an Octopus ID, they can **Sign in** to view their newly accessible instance within the correct Organization. Otherwise, they can **Register** for a new account with the email address the invitation was sent to.  All invitees will be set with the **Instance User** role. Users with the **User Instance** role will not be able to change any instance account settings or invite other users.

Reviewer 2: From `Octopus ID`, maybe link to https://octopus.com/docs/administration/authentication/octopusid-authentication?

Reviewer 3: Good plan!

> If the user already has an [Octopus ID](/docs/administration/authentication/octopusid-authentication), they can **Sign in** to view their newly accessible instance within the correct Organization. Otherwise, they can **Register** for a new account with the email address the invitation was sent to.  All invitees will be set with the **Instance User** role. Users with the **User Instance** role will not be able to change any instance account settings or invite other users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the user already has an [Octopus ID](/docs/administration/authentication/octopusid-authentication.md), they can **Sign in** to view their newly accessible instance within the correct Organization. Otherwise, they can **Register** for a new account with the email address the invitation was sent to.  All invitees will be set with the **Instance User** role. Users with the **User Instance** role will not be able to change any instance account settings or invite other users.
```

## Change Your Password

To change your password for the Octopus instance and Octopus account:

> 1. Go to Octopus.com/signin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Go to [Octopus.com/signin](https://octopus.com/signin).
```
